Feature/core 946 add missing did document properties (#84)
evannetwork/api-blockchain-core: docs/profile/did.rst

  did.setDidDocument(did, document);

Store given DID document for given DID.

> If the document misses the property `created`, it will automaticallybe appended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the document misses the property `created`, it will automatically be appended.
```

.. |source web3| replace:: ``Web3``
.. _source web3: https://github.com/ethereum/web3.js/

> .. _source nameResolver: ../blockchain/name-resolver.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
